Add LM Studio REST Quickstart page (#127)
lmstudio-ai/docs: 1_developer/0_core/index.md

title: LM Studio as a Local LLM API Server
sidebar_title: Local Server
description: Run an LLM API server on localhost with LM Studio

> fullPage: true

Reviewer: intentional / does it look good?

Author: With it off it certainly becomes long and doesn't look amazing, but no jank

<img width="1597" height="1051" alt="Screenshot 2025-10-16 at 1 03 50 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/980a26ef-ad61-411f-bd83-930f9e4087a4" />

Author: Sorry, this is actually for `content/docs/1_developer/2_rest/index.md`

Author: Same argument in both places though
<img width="1594" height="1113" alt="Screenshot 2025-10-16 at 1 06 35 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7cc21f8a-edf4-4676-99d0-c43bf56879ea" />
vs.
<img width="1602" height="1073" alt="Screenshot 2025-10-16 at 1 07 06 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6d96fdc6-60a8-4cef-ac95-ecc74fdf23eb" />

We could solve with some other solution when there's only one header that makes it prettier but doesn't have the jank? Or maybe you don't think its jank at all, I just didn't like it

---

You can serve local LLMs from LM Studio's Developer tab, either on localhost or on the network.

> LM Studio's APIs can be used through [REST API](/docs/app/api/endpoints/rest), client libraries like [lmstudio-js](/docs/api/sdk) and [lmstudio-python](/docs/python), and [OpenAI compatibility endpoints](/docs/app/api/endpoints/openai)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LM Studio's APIs can be used through [REST API](/docs/developer/rest), client libraries like [lmstudio-js](/docs/api/sdk) and [lmstudio-python](/docs/python), and [OpenAI compatibility endpoints](/docs/developer/openai-compat)
```
